hello and welcome back to Final Fantasy
13 - so my last video we've just
finished off academia 500 AF and more
importantly we fully explored the area
and academia 500 is the final area we
need to have fully explored so hopefully
you've done the rest but I'm going to go
through the maps now to explain which
ones you need to do and then we can go
to academia 400 to hand the question for
a nice eleven fragments okay so these
are the maps you need to have 100%
exploration a so new bodom first of all
you need to make sure you fully explore
0:03 AF and 700 AF you need both to be a
hundred percent both maps in order to
get the fragment for that and a couple
of easy things to miss there is the
porch around the noir of a house and
around the beach area where the P is and
that's our so just go and every one of
those little nooks and that shouldn't be
too bad
bless your rue-ing's you need to go to
all three versions which is zero zero
five three hundred and 100 in order to
get 100% there's a couple of areas that
you can only reach in each path make
sure you do the southwest tunnels as
well in the double-o 5af area since
they're not accessible in the other
versions okay and then we have Yash s
Massif an easy one there you can only do
it though in 100 af 110 af since they
don't have the barriers that block some
of the areas but either one of those you
can reach 100% Ober you can explore
everything in the 400 AF version in fact
the only thing you can do there that you
can't do in the other versions is the
beach area so that's it for a but so
meth Wars escape another fairly easy one
you can do it once in the 300 AF version
once you've killed the giant flan after
he's been weakened just make sure you
reveal the hidden vines around that
place in order to get the four hundred
percents if you do struggle just watch
my video on best on left waterscape 300
to see all the little hidden areas there
well Arclight step you can get 100% once
you've activated the 5 cap to our way
stones and then you can reach the
inaccessible previously inaccessible
clear water marshes do note that in the
south of the zone there's like a little
cliff
Oh a little platter that you have to
jump on you can only reach that with the
chakra bow so you do need to let go on
to that there's a treasure chest on
there as well in order to get a hundred
percent accademia next and you need to
explore the five hundred AF version and
also the four double xaf version you can
do it by doing the 400 af but there's so
many CF that spawn all over the place I
wouldn't even bother so go to four
double X and five hundreds and in for
double X make sure you go into all the
shops and whatnot to get every little
part there because the tower is a little
bit tricky so you might want to follow
the walk through and see where all the
parts are for that you do need to get
100% on 200 AF and 300 and 300 AF they
are two different Maps and you need both
and after you've completed all the store
where you get the access key 13 so go to
floor 13 to finish off to get your
hundred-percent there okay next we have
vial Peaks which is an easy one but you
can only do it in the ten AF version
then we have a dying world which is
another easy one or they can only do it
once you return there from the fully
restored historia crooks is everything
so if there's an earlier I haven't
mentioned it means you don't need it
that is all you need
once you have 100% and all those you can
go to academia if you want to see how
much percentage you've got on each map
but don't want to have to visit each
place individually open up a key items
in your inventory and then sort by type
sort the items by type and all your maps
and these steeds and as you can see as
your mouse over every one or point over
every one the top of the page says how
much you've explored so you can see them
all quickly then and go to where you
need to go anyway as I said once you've
got 100% on all those maps you want to
go to academia and make your way back to
the NPC who has a side questionnaire
Chalkley nur
okay so I've already made my way back
and this here is the MPC by the computer
terminal you have to speak to every time
to hand in each map and then you get a
fragment so I'll just show you on the
map where about cities in case you
forgot them so obviously there's ten
maps to handy and you have to do them
one at a time you get a little bit of CP
as well which is always a bonus and the
main reason we're doing this apart from
the fragments is that we can then
collect a very useful fragment skill
once all eleven are handed in over in
serendipity
so I highly recommend we do do this side
quest even if you're not after all 160
fragments the fragments Kelby collects
for doing it is very good so that alone
should make it worth it you've been
doing what I've recommended as we've
gone for the video walkthrough and
explored the areas as we've gone through
them then it shouldn't actually take up
any more time really
just hand these less few in here if you
are struggling with getting 100% so many
of the maps just supposed to comment in
the in the youtube comment section and
let me know where you struggling and
I'll try and give you some tips and
advice for it okay so that's all ten
Matt did you find out what happened and
the restored data close that entry off
right will this help you to stop the
other malfunctions you're still not sure
at the very least we've stopped the
corruption from spreading
I don't know what we would have done
without your generous cooperation we get
our optional bonus fragments the
eleventh fragments and now become
eternal historia crooks we are finished
with this side quest and of course now
we want to go to seven dippin sake as
usual you just want to speak to the me
stick for your new fragment skill and we
have the battle mania skill segment
which is very useful and what that will
do is allow us to farm rare spawns and
rare monsters
so actually makes them a lot more common
so things like the tombery and the
silver cats were stuff that we haven't
really been interested in before because
of how hard is to find monsters that are
really hard to find and now really
common which means in the next video I'm
going to show some good farming spots to
help level up your party and a very good
place for farming a monster that will
infuse powerful abilities into your
other monsters so stick around for that
I've been full swing go thank you very
much for joining me and I'll see you
next time